This Project is aimed at developing a web application that depicts online management of beauty parlour. The most aim of the system is to assist the user to book the appointment within the parlour for online.
The users of the system include the customer where they can register initially with the minimum details and will be allowed to make an appointment. The system has user and admin. The user can make a meeting within the parlour and therefore the admin of the system approves it. They will also choose the service which they’re trying to urge within their specific date and time within the system.

The project has a wide scope as it is not intended to a particular beauty parlour organization. This project is going to develop generic software, moreover it provides various services to its customer and the customers can also send their queries and suggestions through a feedback form. Also the software is going to provide a huge amount of summary data.

Hardware requirement specifications
Processor: Pentium-3 or Higher
RAM: 64MB or Higher
Hard Disk: 80GB or Higher

Software requirement specification
Technology: PHP
IDE: Dreamweaver
Frontend:  CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, ReactJs
Backend: PHP
Database Server: SQLite
Operating System: Microsoft Windows / Linux

Structure of a module
1.  Login
2.  Appointment
      Book Appointment
      All Appointment
3.  Services
      Book Services
      All Services
      Add Services
4.  Payment
      Product Payment
      Service Payment
5.  Product
      Add Product
      Product Order
      Add to Cart
6.  Employee
      Add Employee
7.  Report
      Service Invoice
      Product Invoice

Type of project
Industry defined project

Limitations of the project
1. Requirement of Internet access
2. It is not a large scale system.
3. Only limited information provided by this system.
4. No Backup options
5. Requires a function to know the methodology to interact with the beauty parlour management system configuration.

Future scope
1. This web application involves almost all the feature of the online booking, the future implementation will be online help for the customer and chatting with website administrator.
2. Review can be added to the system.
3. Can add security features.


